Cd relnotes 805xx cds 78504 (#3197)
harness/developer-hub: docs/first-gen/firstgen-release-notes/harness-saa-s-release-notes.md

If you don't see a new feature or enhancement in your Harness account, it might be behind a Feature Flag. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

## Latest: Version 805xx

### New features and enhancements

This release does not include new features.

### Early access features

This release does not include early access features.

### Fixed issues

> * Fixed an issue when using multiple HTTP Helm Chart repositories that could lead to an increase in CPU utilization on the delegate due to background connector validation tasks. This was caused by running Helm repository update during the validation tasks. (CDS-76433, ZD-48363)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where using multiple HTTP Helm chart repositories could lead to an increase in CPU utilization on the delegate due to background validation tasks for the Harness HTTP Helm Repo connector. This was caused by running Helm repository updates during the validation tasks. (CDS-76433, ZD-48363)
```

> * Fixed a Nexus Artifact issue where a fetch would time out when a single group contained more than 50 artifacts. (CDS-73884, ZD-45052, ZD-47206)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a Nexus artifact issue where a fetch timed out when a single group contained more than 50 artifacts. (CDS-73884, ZD-45052, ZD-47206)
```
